Path Builder Interactive Visualization

Introduction
Path Builder is used to make and visualize Competency Paths through
the Common Core State Standards and custom Standards created by the
Authoring Tool and other fashions. Paths are "AND" Paths -- Path Steps
can have multiple Standards, all of which must be completed before
moving on to the next Step. Path Builder saves new Paths to the LRI
and loads existing paths from the LRI.

Description

Menus
Three sets of menus are provided for looking up Standards in the LRI. From
top to bottom each menu represents a lower level in the hieratchy. A
selection from one menu triggers an LRI query that populates the next
menu in the hierarchy. At the lowest level are Standards that can be
added to a Path. 

The menus are: 
- Framework CCSS.ELA-Literacy: For querying the LRI for Common Core ELA Standards.
- Set CCSS.Math.Content: For querying the LRI for Common Core Math Standards.
- Custom: For querying the LRI for Custom Standards.
Clicking "Add standard" places the selected Standard on the current
Path Step. A Path Step can have any number of attached Standards.

Viewer
Displays Path Steps and Competencies in a graph with large nodes
representing Path Steps and smaller nodes representing
competencies. Path Steps are numbered starting with 0 to indicate order.

Toolbar
Add node button: Click to add new step node to the graph. This node
becomes the current Path Step. Standard nodes added to the graph are
connected to this node.

"Enter path name" input: Type the name of the Path Here.

"Enter author name": Type your name here.

Save path ...: Click to save the Path to the LRI. Disables edits.

Clear path: Discards the current Path.

Pick a path: Select a Path to load from the LRI and display it.

Making a New Path
- Select a Standard from a menu
- Click Add standard
- Enter Path name
- Enter Author name
- Click Save path

Loading an Existing Path
To load a Path from the LRI select it from the "Pick a path"
menu. Loading a Path presents the Path for viewing only and disables edits.

Screenshots

Technology
Javascript, jQuery, D3, LRI, LRI Middleware

Known Issues and Future Work
Bugs

Future Work
- Allow edits to Paths
- Build and load "OR" Paths

TODO:
From SLC Wrap-up 2013/02/07:
- Expand competency_containers down to leaf nodes (e.g., standard_component)
- "OR" paths (split/join)
- Save steps as paths
- Zoom
